We are just about ready to do a final test of our deployment process.
But before we do one last little piece of setup, remember, before we make use of ingress engine X
inside of a cluster, we have to do a little setup command from the ingress engine x documentation.
So let's go run that right now.
We're going to execute that command manually against our digital ocean cluster.
So inside of a new browser tab, I'm going to do a search for ingress engine x.
I'm going to find the homepage for ingress engine x right here.
I'll then find the deployment section and then remember there are many different set of commands depending
upon how we are running our cluster.
In our case, we are running our cluster on digital ocean.
I'm going to go to the digital ocean, set up command.
Here it is right here.
I will copy that command.
And then going to go back over to my terminal.
And before I run the command, I'm going to double check and make sure that my CTL client is connecting
to my digital ocean cluster.
Remember, you can verify that either by going to Docker for Windows or Docker for Mac.
Taking a look at that Kubernetes dropdown and making sure that you're using your ticketing context.
Alternatively, if you're using mini cube.
You're going to run those commands of CTL config view that will tell you the name of your digital ocean
context.
You can take that name and then run ctrl config.
Use context and then that context name.
So once your acute instance is configured appropriately, well then paste in that command and run it.
All right.
Looks like everything is being created.
Very good.
So after all that stuff gets created, there is one last quick thing we have to do.
We have made some changes.
To the structure of our infra directory.
So we've got all these changes to where all these different files live right now.
So we need to make sure that we commit these changes and push them up to the master branch so that when
we eventually merge our new code, well, we'll pull along these changes with it and we will make sure
that we only deploy the appropriate ingress service file.
So we are going to commit these changes directly to master and push them up.
Now, just, you know, when we commit to master and push them up, that is going to cause that works.
That workflow that we just put together the deployment workflow to run one time.
So as soon as we push these changes up, specifically these split directories right here, that is going
to cause a deployment to our digital ocean cluster.
So we should immediately after committing these and pushing them manually, we should be able to inspect
our cluster and see a bunch of deployments being created and stuff like that.
So let's do that manually right now.
And again, this is one of the only times you're going to manually commit to master and push changes
to master.
In general, we are always going to open a pull request instead and use a pull request to merge in changes.
Okay.
So back at my terminal, I'm going to check out master.
I'm going to do a get status and just verify.
Yep, I got those two directory changes.
I got some changes to the scaffold yaml file and I moved the ingress service file, two copies of it
to those two new directories.
I'm going to add all these changes.
I'm going to commit them and I'll say, split a eights manifest.
And then I will push the master.
And I've got some changes up on Master once again.
My mistake.
So once again, I need to do a pull or gin master really quickly.
I have to author my merge message and now I can do a push to Origin Master.
All right.
There we go.
So now if we go over to GitHub really quickly.
And take a look at our actions tab once again.
We're going to see if we click on deploy manifests and deploy auth.
We should see that there are some changes that have now been submitted, so we should see that split
infra directory.
And if we click on that and go to build.
We should see that we successfully install ductile, that we apply to all of those folders inside of
our kids and kids directories, and that everything was completed successfully.
After we verify that everything was executed successfully, we should then be able to go back over to
our terminal and then get a listing of all the pods running on our digital ocean cluster.
We should be able to do a K or cube CTL IT pods, and that should run or get a list of all the pods
that have been created on our cluster.
Now you'll notice that in my case, I've got some definite errors here, and that's totally okay.
If you have errors, that is OC as well.
We're going to first get all of our tooling put together and then we'll worry about doing some troubleshooting
here and figuring out exactly what is going on.
All we want to really see right now is that some resources were successful or I shouldn't even say successfully
created.
We really just want to see that some pods are attempting to be created.
That's all we want to see right now.
All right.
So now that I have verified that my GitHub action workflow has tried to push some manifests off to my
cluster, we're going to take a pause right here.
We're going to come back the next video we're going to test out, making a pull request to our service
and make sure that we can create a or merge that request and see those changes get deployed to our cluster.
Once we go through that workflow at least once, we're then going to do some troubleshooting and figure
out why some of these different pods are failing to be created.